barely able to operate Kamal adwan
hospital is under an Israeli Army
Siege a Lifeline to many injured
Palestinians in Northern Gaza Israel has
cut off electricity and water to the
hospital Israeli soldiers are also
targeting anyone who tries to leave or
enter the building gaza's Health
Ministry says more than 100 people were
killed in Israeli strikes in the
vicinity of the hospital in just 24
hours it was named after Kamal adwan a
top Palestinian politician who was
killed in an Israeli raid in Lebanon in
1973 the hospital was open in B lahia in
2002 with a capacity of 106 beds it's
now operating Beyond its capacity and
everywhere you look there are injured
people waiting to be
treated the emergency unit is small and
we are flooded by dozens if not hundreds
of victims we are left with very little
to help them many are left to die due to
the lack of medical supplies and
shortage of Staff this is the reality
killing by the dozens yesterday alone 36
were killed the day before 52 and the
numbers keep Rising let alone the
hundreds buried underneath the debris
the hospital is not only looking after
injured Palestinians it's also
Sheltering at least 10,000 displaced
Palestinians who have sought refuge in
its premises from Israel's
bombardments it's also where the dead
are brought waiting to be back married
Whenever there will be oppos in Israel's
attacks no one of my family survived all
those are my family brothers sisters and
cousins I'm left alone in this life we
cannot bury them in our hometown because
of
snipers Israel has not given a reason
for besieging the Kamal adwan hospital
or why it targeted its entrance on
Sunday killing four people and injuring
10 others it's a baby battle in a
basement Israeli forces raided alifa
Hospital gaza's largest medical facility
last month claiming there were Hamas
tunnels beneath the
facility Hamas and Hospital officials
denied the claim the United Nations says
nowhere in the Gaza Strip is safe as
Israel widens its assault on the
territory Palestinians in Gaza are
living in utter deepening
horror military operations including
bombardments by Israeli forces continue
in North middle and South Gaza affecting
people who have already been displaced
multiple times forced to flee in search
of safety but no place is
safe Kamal adwan Hospital may not be
safe but for the patients and the
thousands of displaced Palestinians it's
the only place they have Hamza Muhammad
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer